# Custom Chatbot using Agent LangChain, OpenAI, External Open API and Chainlit

## Overview
This repo contains the code for a custom management AI assistant able to answers semantic queries on customers  by planning the required requests from a fictional customers management API. 
It uses :

* LangChain: A framework for building applications powered by language models.
* LangChain-Community: Community-contributed extensions and resources for LangChain.
* LangChain-OpenAI: Integration of OpenAI's language models with the LangChain framework.
* OpenAI: Provides access to OpenAI's language models and APIs.
* NBConvert: Converts Jupyter notebooks to various formats, such as HTML and PDF.
* Python-Dotenv (version 1.0.0): Loads environment variables from a .env file into the application.
* Chainlit: A framework for building conversational AI applications.
* Uvicorn (version 0.25.0): A lightning-fast ASGI server for Python web applications.
* Flask (version 3.0.1): A lightweight WSGI web application framework for Python.
* Flask-Swagger-UI: Provides a user interface for interacting with API documentation generated by Swagger.
* Flask-Restx: An extension for Flask that simplifies the creation of REST APIs.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or later
- An Azure OpenAI API key (you can try on a local llm as well see code commented in chatbot.py)

### Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:samkerr4coding/simple-poc-chatbot-rag-openapi.git
   cd ./simple-poc-chatbot-rag-openapi
  
2. **Set Up a Virtual env you can use Conda**
* If you don't have Conda, install it first.
* Create a new Conda environment:
   ```bash
   conda create -n chatbot_langchain python=3.8
* Activate the environment:
   ```bash
   conda activate chatbot_langchain

3. **Install Dependencies**
* Install the required packages using the `requirements.txt` file:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt

4. **Set Up Your OpenAI API Key**
* In the .env file (root director of the project.
* Replaces values with your Azure OpenAI instance base URL and your OpenAI API key:
   ```bash
   AZURE_OPENAI_API_KEY="<YOUR AZURE OPEN AI KEY>"
   AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT="<YOUR AZURE OPEN AI ENDPOINT>"

5. 

### Usage
To run the Csutomer management API, execute the following command:
   ```bash
   python customer_api.py
```
The Customer management's API will be accessible at http://localhost:5000/{endpoint_name}

Make sure the fictional store's application is running before running the chatbot. To run Scoopsie, 
simply execute the `chatbot.py` script:
   ```bash
   chainlit run customerbot.py -w --port 8000
```

To run the chatbot application, navigate to  http://localhost:8000

